Allow with_request_url test helper can modify request.env to support Devise routes constraint (#1536)
ViewComponent/view_component: docs/CHANGELOG.md

    *Anton Prins*

> * `with_request_url` test helper supports Devise router constraint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `with_request_url` test helper supports router constraints (such as Devise).
```
